rather than a menacing way. she moved toward him a few steps, playfully, and then halted. one ear drew near to her, still alert and cautious, his tail and ears in the air, his head held high. he tried to sniff noses with her, but she retreated playfully and coyly. every advance on his part was accompanied by a corresponding retreat on her part. step by step she was luring him away from the security of his human companionship. once, as though a warning had in vague ways flitted through his intelligence, he turned his head and looked back at the overturned sled, at his team-mates, and at the two men who were calling to him. but whatever idea was forming in his mind, was dissipated by the she-wolf, who advanced upon him, sniffed noses with him for a fleeting instant, and then resumed her coy retreat before his renewed advances. in the meantime, bill had bethought himself of the rifle. but it was jammed beneath the overturned sled, and by the time henry had helped him to right the load, one ear and the she-wolf were too close together and the distance too great to risk a shot. too late one ear learned his mistake. before they saw the cause, the two men saw him turn and start to run back toward them. then, approaching at right angles to the trail and cutting off his retreat they saw a dozen wolves, lean and grey, bounding across the snow. on the instant, the she- wolf's coyness and playfulness disappeared. with a snarl she sprang upon one ear. he thrust her off with his shoulder, and, his retreat cut off and still intent on regaining the sled, he altered his course in an attempt to circle around to it. more wolves were appearing every moment and joining in the chase. the she-wolf was one leap behind one ear and holding her own. "where are you goin'?" henry suddenly demanded, laying his hand on his partner's arm. bill shook it off. "i won't stand it," he said. "they ain't a-goin' to get any more of our dogs if i can help it." gun in hand, he plunged into the underbrush that lined the side of the trail. his intention was apparent enough. taking the sled as the centre of the circle that one ear was making, bill planned to tap that circle at a point in advance of the pursuit. with his rifle, in the broad daylight, it might be possible for him to awe the wolves and save the dog. "say, bill!" henry called after him. "be careful! don't take no chances!" henry sat down on the sled and watched. there was nothing else for him to do. bill had already gone from sight; but now and again, appearing and disappearing amongst the underbrush and the scattered clumps of spruce, could be seen one ear. henry judged his case to be hopeless. the dog was thoroughly alive to its danger, but it was running on the outer circle while the wolf-pack was running on the inner and shorter circle. it was vain to think of one ear so outdistancing his pursuers as to be able to cut across their circle in advance of them and to regain the sled. the different lines were rapidly approaching a point. somewhere out there in the snow, screened from his sight by trees and thickets, henry knew that the wolf-pack, one ear, and bill were coming together. all too quickly, far more quickly than he had expected, it happened. he heard a shot, then two shots, in rapid succession, and he knew that bill's ammunition was gone. then he heard a great outcry of snarls and yelps. he recognised one ear's yell of pain and terror, and he heard a wolf-cry that bespoke a stricken animal. and that was all. the snarls ceased. the yelping died away. silence settled down again over the lonely land. he sat for a long while upon the sled. there was no need for him to go and see what had happened. he knew it as though it had taken place before his eyes. once, he roused with a start and hastily got the axe out from underneath the lashings. but for some time longer he sat and brooded, the two remaining dogs crouching and trembling at his feet. at last he arose in a weary manner, as though all the resilience had gone out of his body, and proceeded to fasten the dogs to the sled. he passed a rope over his shoulder, a man-trace, and pulled with the dogs. he did not go far. at the first hint of darkness he hastened to make a camp, and he saw to it that he had a generous supply of firewood. he fed the dogs, cooked and ate his supper, and made his bed close to the fire. but he was not destined to enjoy that bed. before his eyes closed the wolves had drawn too near for safety. it no longer required an effort of the vision to see them. they were all about him and the fire, in a narrow circle, and he could see them plainly in the firelight lying down, sitting up, crawling forward on their bellies, or slinking back and forth. they even slept. here and there he could see one curled up in the snow like a dog, taking the sleep that was now denied himself. he kept the fire brightly blazing, for he knew that it alone intervened between the flesh of his body and their hungry fangs. his two dogs stayed close by him, one on either side, leaning against him for protection, crying and whimpering, and at times snarling desperately when a wolf approached a little closer than usual. at such moments, when his dogs snarled, the whole circle would be agitated, the wolves coming to their feet and pressing tentatively forward, a chorus of snarls and eager yelps rising about 