as its own fangs, as merciless as the frost itself. it was large for a wolf, its gaunt frame advertising the lines of an animal that was among the largest of its kind. "stands pretty close to two feet an' a half at the shoulders," henry commented. "an' i'll bet it ain't far from five feet long." "kind of strange colour for a wolf," was bill's criticism. "i never seen a red wolf before. looks almost cinnamon to me." the animal was certainly not cinnamon-coloured. its coat was the true wolf-coat. the dominant colour was grey, and yet there was to it a faint reddish hue--a hue that was baffling, that appeared and disappeared, that was more like an illusion of the vision, now grey, distinctly grey, and again giving hints and glints of a vague redness of colour not classifiable in terms of ordinary experience. "looks for all the world like a big husky sled-dog," bill said. "i wouldn't be s'prised to see it wag its tail." "hello, you husky!" he called. "come here, you whatever-your-name-is." "ain't a bit scairt of you," henry laughed. bill waved his hand at it threateningly and shouted loudly; but the animal betrayed no fear. the only change in it that they could notice was an accession of alertness. it still regarded them with the merciless wistfulness of hunger. they were meat, and it was hungry; and it would like to go in and eat them if it dared. "look here, henry," bill said, unconsciously lowering his voice to a whisper because of what he imitated. "we've got three cartridges. but it's a dead shot. couldn't miss it. it's got away with three of our dogs, an' we oughter put a stop to it. what d'ye say?" henry nodded his consent. bill cautiously slipped the gun from under the sled-lashing. the gun was on the way to his shoulder, but it never got there. for in that instant the she-wolf leaped sidewise from the trail into the clump of spruce trees and disappeared. the two men looked at each other. henry whistled long and comprehendingly. "i might have knowed it," bill chided himself aloud as he replaced the gun. "of course a wolf that knows enough to come in with the dogs at feedin' time, 'd know all about shooting-irons. i tell you right now, henry, that critter's the cause of all our trouble. we'd have six dogs at the present time, 'stead of three, if it wasn't for her. an' i tell you right now, henry, i'm goin' to get her. she's too smart to be shot in the open. but i'm goin' to lay for her. i'll bushwhack her as sure as my name is bill." "you needn't stray off too far in doin' it," his partner admonished. "if that pack ever starts to jump you, them three cartridges'd be wuth no more'n three whoops in hell. them animals is damn hungry, an' once they start in, they'll sure get you, bill." they camped early that night. three dogs could not drag the sled so fast nor for so long hours as could six, and they were showing unmistakable signs of playing out. and the men went early to bed, bill first seeing to it that the dogs were tied out of gnawing-reach of one another. but the wolves were growing bolder, and the men were aroused more than once from their sleep. so near did the wolves approach, that the dogs became frantic with terror, and it was necessary to replenish the fire from time to time in order to keep the adventurous marauders at safer distance. "i've hearn sailors talk of sharks followin' a ship," bill remarked, as he crawled back into the blankets after one such replenishing of the fire. "well, them wolves is land sharks. they know their business better'n we do, an' they ain't a-holdin' our trail this way for their health. they're goin' to get us. they're sure goin' to get us, henry." "they've half got you a'ready, a-talkin' like that," henry retorted sharply. "a man's half licked when he says he is. an' you're half eaten from the way you're goin' on about it." "they've got away with better men than you an' me," bill answered. "oh, shet up your croakin'. you make me all-fired tired." henry rolled over angrily on his side, but was surprised that bill made no similar display of temper. this was not bill's way, for he was easily angered by sharp words. henry thought long over it before he went to sleep, and as his eyelids fluttered down and he dozed off, the thought in his mind was: "there's no mistakin' it, bill's almighty blue. i'll have to cheer him up to-morrow." chapter iii--the hunger cry the day began auspiciously. they had lost no dogs during the night, and they swung out upon the trail and into the silence, the darkness, and the cold with spirits that were fairly light. bill seemed to have forgotten his forebodings of the previous night, and even waxed facetious with the dogs when, at midday, they overturned the sled on a bad piece of trail. it was an awkward mix-up. the sled was upside down and jammed between a tree-trunk and a huge rock, and they were forced to unharness the dogs in order to straighten out the tangle. the two men were bent over the sled and trying to right it, when henry observed one ear sidling away. "here, you, one ear!" he cried, straightening up and turning around on the dog. but one ear broke into a run across the snow, his traces trailing behind him. and there, out in the snow of their back track, was the she-wolf waiting for him. as he neared her, he became suddenly cautious. he slowed down to an alert and mincing walk and then stopped. he regarded her carefully and dubiously, yet desirefully. she seemed to smile at him, showing her teeth in an ingratiating 