i'm wishin', i wisht the trip was over an' done with, an' you an' me a-sittin' by the fire in fort mcgurry just about now an' playing cribbage--that's what i wisht." henry grunted and crawled into bed. as he dozed off he was aroused by his comrade's voice. "say, henry, that other one that come in an' got a fish--why didn't the dogs pitch into it? that's what's botherin' me." "you're botherin' too much, bill," came the sleepy response. "you was never like this before. you jes' shut up now, an' go to sleep, an' you'll be all hunkydory in the mornin'. your stomach's sour, that's what's botherin' you." the men slept, breathing heavily, side by side, under the one covering. the fire died down, and the gleaming eyes drew closer the circle they had flung about the camp. the dogs clustered together in fear, now and again snarling menacingly as a pair of eyes drew close. once their uproar became so loud that bill woke up. he got out of bed carefully, so as not to disturb the sleep of his comrade, and threw more wood on the fire. as it began to flame up, the circle of eyes drew farther back. he glanced casually at the huddling dogs. he rubbed his eyes and looked at them more sharply. then he crawled back into the blankets. "henry," he said. "oh, henry." henry groaned as he passed from sleep to waking, and demanded, "what's wrong now?" "nothin'," came the answer; "only there's seven of 'em again. i just counted." henry acknowledged receipt of the information with a grunt that slid into a snore as he drifted back into sleep. in the morning it was henry who awoke first and routed his companion out of bed. daylight was yet three hours away, though it was already six o'clock; and in the darkness henry went about preparing breakfast, while bill rolled the blankets and made the sled ready for lashing. "say, henry," he asked suddenly, "how many dogs did you say we had?" "six." "wrong," bill proclaimed triumphantly. "seven again?" henry queried. "no, five; one's gone." "the hell!" henry cried in wrath, leaving the cooking to come and count the dogs. "you're right, bill," he concluded. "fatty's gone." "an' he went like greased lightnin' once he got started. couldn't 've seen 'm for smoke." "no chance at all," henry concluded. "they jes' swallowed 'm alive. i bet he was yelpin' as he went down their throats, damn 'em!" "he always was a fool dog," said bill. "but no fool dog ought to be fool enough to go off an' commit suicide that way." he looked over the remainder of the team with a speculative eye that summed up instantly the salient traits of each animal. "i bet none of the others would do it." "couldn't drive 'em away from the fire with a club," bill agreed. "i always did think there was somethin' wrong with fatty anyway." and this was the epitaph of a dead dog on the northland trail--less scant than the epitaph of many another dog, of many a man. chapter ii--the she-wolf breakfast eaten and the slim camp-outfit lashed to the sled, the men turned their backs on the cheery fire and launched out into the darkness. at once began to rise the cries that were fiercely sad--cries that called through the darkness and cold to one another and answered back. conversation ceased. daylight came at nine o'clock. at midday the sky to the south warmed to rose-colour, and marked where the bulge of the earth intervened between the meridian sun and the northern world. but the rose-colour swiftly faded. the grey light of day that remained lasted until three o'clock, when it, too, faded, and the pall of the arctic night descended upon the lone and silent land. as darkness came on, the hunting-cries to right and left and rear drew closer--so close that more than once they sent surges of fear through the toiling dogs, throwing them into short-lived panics. at the conclusion of one such panic, when he and henry had got the dogs back in the traces, bill said: "i wisht they'd strike game somewheres, an' go away an' leave us alone." "they do get on the nerves horrible," henry sympathised. they spoke no more until camp was made. henry was bending over and adding ice to the babbling pot of beans when he was startled by the sound of a blow, an exclamation from bill, and a sharp snarling cry of pain from among the dogs. he straightened up in time to see a dim form disappearing across the snow into the shelter of the dark. then he saw bill, standing amid the dogs, half triumphant, half crestfallen, in one hand a stout club, in the other the tail and part of the body of a sun-cured salmon. "it got half of it," he announced; "but i got a whack at it jes' the same. d'ye hear it squeal?" "what'd it look like?" henry asked. "couldn't see. but it had four legs an' a mouth an' hair an' looked like any dog." "must be a tame wolf, i reckon." "it's damned tame, whatever it is, comin' in here at feedin' time an' gettin' its whack of fish." that night, when supper was finished and they sat on the oblong box and pulled at their pipes, the circle of gleaming eyes drew in even closer than before. "i wisht they'd spring up a bunch of moose or something, an' go away an' leave us alone," bill said. henry grunted with an intonation that was not all sympathy, and for a quarter of an hour they sat on in silence, henry staring at the fire, and bill at the circle of eyes that burned in the darkness just beyond the firelight. "i wisht we was pullin' into mcgurry right now," he began again. "shut up your wishin' and your croakin'," henry burst out angrily. "your stomach's 