came curiously to the rim of the fire to see what had become of him. hitherto they had been denied access to the fire, and they now settled down in a close-drawn circle, like so many dogs, blinking and yawning and stretching their lean bodies in the unaccustomed warmth. then the she- wolf sat down, pointed her nose at a star, and began to howl. one by one the wolves joined her, till the whole pack, on haunches, with noses pointed skyward, was howling its hunger cry. dawn came, and daylight. the fire was burning low. the fuel had run out, and there was need to get more. the man attempted to step out of his circle of flame, but the wolves surged to meet him. burning brands made them spring aside, but they no longer sprang back. in vain he strove to drive them back. as he gave up and stumbled inside his circle, a wolf leaped for him, missed, and landed with all four feet in the coals. it cried out with terror, at the same time snarling, and scrambled back to cool its paws in the snow. the man sat down on his blankets in a crouching position. his body leaned forward from the hips. his shoulders, relaxed and drooping, and his head on his knees advertised that he had given up the struggle. now and again he raised his head to note the dying down of the fire. the circle of flame and coals was breaking into segments with openings in between. these openings grew in size, the segments diminished. "i guess you can come an' get me any time," he mumbled. "anyway, i'm goin' to sleep." once he awakened, and in an opening in the circle, directly in front of him, he saw the she-wolf gazing at him. again he awakened, a little later, though it seemed hours to him. a mysterious change had taken place--so mysterious a change that he was shocked wider awake. something had happened. he could not understand at first. then he discovered it. the wolves were gone. remained only the trampled snow to show how closely they had pressed him. sleep was welling up and gripping him again, his head was sinking down upon his knees, when he roused with a sudden start. there were cries of men, and churn of sleds, the creaking of harnesses, and the eager whimpering of straining dogs. four sleds pulled in from the river bed to the camp among the trees. half a dozen men were about the man who crouched in the centre of the dying fire. they were shaking and prodding him into consciousness. he looked at them like a drunken man and maundered in strange, sleepy speech. "red she-wolf. . . . come in with the dogs at feedin' time. . . . first she ate the dog-food. . . . then she ate the dogs. . . . an' after that she ate bill. . . . " "where's lord alfred?" one of the men bellowed in his ear, shaking him roughly. he shook his head slowly. "no, she didn't eat him. . . . he's roostin' in a tree at the last camp." "dead?" the man shouted. "an' in a box," henry answered. he jerked his shoulder petulantly away from the grip of his questioner. "say, you lemme alone. . . . i'm jes' plump tuckered out. . . . goo' night, everybody." his eyes fluttered and went shut. his chin fell forward on his chest. and even as they eased him down upon the blankets his snores were rising on the frosty air. but there was another sound. far and faint it was, in the remote distance, the cry of the hungry wolf-pack as it took the trail of other meat than the man it had just missed. part ii chapter i--the battle of the fangs it was the she-wolf who had first caught the sound of men's voices and the whining of the sled-dogs; and it was the she-wolf who was first to spring away from the cornered man in his circle of dying flame. the pack had been loath to forego the kill it had hunted down, and it lingered for several minutes, making sure of the sounds, and then it, too, sprang away on the trail made by the she-wolf. running at the forefront of the pack was a large grey wolf--one of its several leaders. it was he who directed the pack's course on the heels of the she-wolf. it was he who snarled warningly at the younger members of the pack or slashed at them with his fangs when they ambitiously tried to pass him. and it was he who increased the pace when he sighted the she-wolf, now trotting slowly across the snow. she dropped in alongside by him, as though it were her appointed position, and took the pace of the pack. he did not snarl at her, nor show his teeth, when any leap of hers chanced to put her in advance of him. on the contrary, he seemed kindly disposed toward her--too kindly to suit her, for he was prone to run near to her, and when he ran too near it was she who snarled and showed her teeth. nor was she above slashing his shoulder sharply on occasion. at such times he betrayed no anger. he merely sprang to the side and ran stiffly ahead for several awkward leaps, in carriage and conduct resembling an abashed country swain. this was his one trouble in the running of the pack; but she had other troubles. on her other side ran a gaunt old wolf, grizzled and marked with the scars of many battles. he ran always on her right side. the fact that he had but one eye, and that the left eye, might account for this. he, also, was addicted to crowding her, to veering toward her till his scarred muzzle touched her body, or shoulder, or 