little finger, too close to the burning portion of the brand, sensitively and automatically writhing back from the hurtful heat to a cooler gripping-place; and in the same instant he seemed to see a vision of those same sensitive and delicate fingers being crushed and torn by the white teeth of the she-wolf. never had he been so fond of this body of his as now when his tenure of it was so precarious. all night, with burning brands, he fought off the hungry pack. when he dozed despite himself, the whimpering and snarling of the dogs aroused him. morning came, but for the first time the light of day failed to scatter the wolves. the man waited in vain for them to go. they remained in a circle about him and his fire, displaying an arrogance of possession that shook his courage born of the morning light. he made one desperate attempt to pull out on the trail. but the moment he left the protection of the fire, the boldest wolf leaped for him, but leaped short. he saved himself by springing back, the jaws snapping together a scant six inches from his thigh. the rest of the pack was now up and surging upon him, and a throwing of firebrands right and left was necessary to drive them back to a respectful distance. even in the daylight he did not dare leave the fire to chop fresh wood. twenty feet away towered a huge dead spruce. he spent half the day extending his campfire to the tree, at any moment a half dozen burning faggots ready at hand to fling at his enemies. once at the tree, he studied the surrounding forest in order to fell the tree in the direction of the most firewood. the night was a repetition of the night before, save that the need for sleep was becoming overpowering. the snarling of his dogs was losing its efficacy. besides, they were snarling all the time, and his benumbed and drowsy senses no longer took note of changing pitch and intensity. he awoke with a start. the she-wolf was less than a yard from him. mechanically, at short range, without letting go of it, he thrust a brand full into her open and snarling mouth. she sprang away, yelling with pain, and while he took delight in the smell of burning flesh and hair, he watched her shaking her head and growling wrathfully a score of feet away. but this time, before he dozed again, he tied a burning pine-knot to his right hand. his eyes were closed but few minutes when the burn of the flame on his flesh awakened him. for several hours he adhered to this programme. every time he was thus awakened he drove back the wolves with flying brands, replenished the fire, and rearranged the pine-knot on his hand. all worked well, but there came a time when he fastened the pine- knot insecurely. as his eyes closed it fell away from his hand. he dreamed. it seemed to him that he was in fort mcgurry. it was warm and comfortable, and he was playing cribbage with the factor. also, it seemed to him that the fort was besieged by wolves. they were howling at the very gates, and sometimes he and the factor paused from the game to listen and laugh at the futile efforts of the wolves to get in. and then, so strange was the dream, there was a crash. the door was burst open. he could see the wolves flooding into the big living-room of the fort. they were leaping straight for him and the factor. with the bursting open of the door, the noise of their howling had increased tremendously. this howling now bothered him. his dream was merging into something else--he knew not what; but through it all, following him, persisted the howling. and then he awoke to find the howling real. there was a great snarling and yelping. the wolves were rushing him. they were all about him and upon him. the teeth of one had closed upon his arm. instinctively he leaped into the fire, and as he leaped, he felt the sharp slash of teeth that tore through the flesh of his leg. then began a fire fight. his stout mittens temporarily protected his hands, and he scooped live coals into the air in all directions, until the campfire took on the semblance of a volcano. but it could not last long. his face was blistering in the heat, his eyebrows and lashes were singed off, and the heat was becoming unbearable to his feet. with a flaming brand in each hand, he sprang to the edge of the fire. the wolves had been driven back. on every side, wherever the live coals had fallen, the snow was sizzling, and every little while a retiring wolf, with wild leap and snort and snarl, announced that one such live coal had been stepped upon. flinging his brands at the nearest of his enemies, the man thrust his smouldering mittens into the snow and stamped about to cool his feet. his two dogs were missing, and he well knew that they had served as a course in the protracted meal which had begun days before with fatty, the last course of which would likely be himself in the days to follow. "you ain't got me yet!" he cried, savagely shaking his fist at the hungry beasts; and at the sound of his voice the whole circle was agitated, there was a general snarl, and the she-wolf slid up close to him across the snow and watched him with hungry wistfulness. he set to work to carry out a new idea that had come to him. he extended the fire into a large circle. inside this circle he crouched, his sleeping outfit under him as a protection against the melting snow. when he had thus disappeared within his shelter of flame, the whole pack 